docs: readme revamp (#164)
ipfs-shipyard/service-worker-gateway: README.md

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  <img src="https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/service-worker-gateway/assets/157609/4931e739-a899-4b18-91f2-2a2bcafb5c33" alt="logo" title="logo" width="200"></a>
  <br>
  Service Worker IPFS Gateway
  <br>
</h1>

> <p align="center" style="font-size: 1.2rem;">Decentralizing IPFS Gateways by running hash verification on end user's machine.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p align="center" style="font-size: 1.2rem;">Decentralizing IPFS Gateways by verifying hashes in the user's browser.</p>
```

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://ipfs.tech"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/project-IPFS-blue.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Official Part of IPFS Project"></a>
  <a href="https://discuss.ipfs.tech"><img alt="Discourse Forum" src="https://img.shields.io/discourse/posts?server=https%3A%2F%2Fdiscuss.ipfs.tech"></a>

>   <a href="https://matrix.to/#/#ipfs-space:ipfs.io"><img alt="Matrix" src="https://img.shields.io/matrix/ipfs-space%3Aipfs.io?server_fqdn=matrix.org"></a>

Reviewer: This image seems to be broken.

>   <a href="https://matrix.to/#/#ipfs-space:ipfs.io"><img alt="Matrix" src="https://img.shields.io/matrix/ipfs-space%3Aipfs.io?server_fqdn=matrix.org"></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <a href="https://matrix.to/#/#ip-js:ipfs.io"><img alt="Matrix" src="https://img.shields.io/matrix/ipfs-space%3Aipfs.io?server_fqdn=matrix.org"></a>
```

  <a href="https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/service-worker-gateway/actions"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/ipfs-shipyard/service-worker-gateway/main.yml?branch=main" alt="ci"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/service-worker-gateway/releases"><img alt="GitHub release" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ipfs-shipyard/service-worker-gateway?filter=!*rc*"></a>
</p>

<hr />

## About

This project demonstrates

> the use of [Helia](https://helia.io) (IPFS implementation in JS)

Reviewer: I'd link to the repo which doesn't have broken links and generally has a bit more context and access to the code
```suggestion
the use of [Helia](https://github.com/ipfs/helia) (IPFS implementation in JS)
```

Reviewer 2: I think we should solve the problems that exist at helia.io and use that link in documentation, but maybe we can use an .fyi link so we can change it in the future?

and the [`verified-fetch` library](https://github.com/ipfs/helia-verified-fetch)
([Fetch API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API) for IPFS)
within a [Service Worker](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API)
to facilitate direct verified retrieval of content-addressed data.

A Service Worker is registered on the initial page load, and then intercepts HTTP requests
for content stored on IPFS paths such as `/ipfs/*` (immutable) and
`/ipns/*` (mutable) and returns

> [`Response`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response) object

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[`Response`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response) objects
```

to the browser.

It functions as an IPFS gateway within the browser, offering enhanced security
([hash verification](https://docs.ipfs.tech/concepts/content-addressing/)
happens on end user's machine) and reliability (ability to use multiple sources

> of content-addressed blocks) without reliance on a single HTTP server for  IPFS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of content-addressed blocks) without reliance on a single HTTP server for IPFS
```

tasks.

### Goals

The main goals of this project are:

- **Enhancing the robustness of IPFS-based web hosting by eliminating reliance
  on a single HTTP backend.**
  - Tasks such as fetching blocks from IPFS content providers (both
    peer-to-peer and HTTP), verifying that block hashes match the expected CID,
    and re-assembling blocks into deserialized bytes that can be rendered by
    the browser, all happens within the end user's machine.

> - **Reducing the operational costs associated with running a HTTP backend.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Reducing the operational costs associated with running an HTTP backend.**
```

  - By shifting the majority of data retrieval tasks to the user's browser, the

>     backend hosting a website no longer needs to serve as a conduit for all of

Reviewer: I feel like this point can be refined a bit. Maybe frame this around the persona rather than "backend"

> backend hosting a website no longer needs to serve as a conduit for all of its data

What do you mean by this?

Reviewer 2: The summary is that if you're serving content from some server over HTTP, and you're charged for bandwidth, this will reduce your costs (ops, bandwidth charges, etc).

However, someone will still be paying for transmitting the bytes (via trustless gateways) and users should still be standing up their own that way. Serving only the necessary bytes via a trustless-gateway, and having clients do validation, requires much less work on the byte server than parsing & serving IPFS requests via a general IPFS HTTP server.

    its data. This means that a gateway operator could potentially run a simple
    HTTP server on a Raspberry Pi, serving only small static HTML+JS files
    (<10MiB), while allowing all other operations to occur within the user's
    browser, with data fetched either peer-to-peer or from remote HTTP
    trustless gateways.
- **Improving JS tooling, IPFS specifications, and gateway-conformance tests.**
   - By having to implement gateway semantics end-to-end we identify bugs and
     gaps, and improve quality of libraries, specifications, and interop tests.

> ### Featureset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Feature Set
```

- 🚧 **WIP:** Web interface for adjusting routing and retrieval settings.
- 🚧 **WIP:** [Trustless](https://docs.ipfs.tech/reference/http/gateway/#trustless-verifiable-retrieval) content retrieval from multiple HTTP gateways.
- 🚧 **WIP:** Support for [Web Gateway](https://specs.ipfs.tech/http-gateways/) feature set for website hosting (`index.html`, [web pathing](https://github.com/ipfs/specs/issues/432), `_redirects`).
- 🚧 **Future:** [HTTP Routing V1](https://specs.ipfs.tech/routing/http-routing-v1/) (`/routing/v1`) client for discovering additional direct content providers.
- 🚧 **Future:** [Denylist](https://specs.ipfs.tech/compact-denylist-format/) support for operators of public nodes.

## Usage

> ### Try runnung on localhost

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running locally
```

> For now, one can build project and run it locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build and run the project locally:
```

```console
> npm ci
> npm start
```

Now open your browser at `http://sw.localhost:3000`

> As you type in a content path, you will be redirected to appropriate URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you type in a content path, you will be redirected to appropriate URL (typically that means [subdomain style resolution](https://docs.ipfs.tech/how-to/gateway-best-practices/#use-subdomain-gateway-resolution-for-origin-isolation)). 
```

For more information about local development setup, see [/docs/DEVELOPMENT.md](/docs/DEVELOPMENT.md).

### Try hosted instance

> - 🚧 **WIP: alpha quality** https://inbrowser.link hosts the latest release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🚧 **WIP: alpha quality** https://inbrowser.link hosts the latest [release](https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/service-worker-gateway/releases)
```
